Uh your majesty
I thought I should appease the prince
How to appease
Give them money
Give them a meal
Give them beauty
Your Majesty, this matter started with the prince Kou Que
His Majesty must receive the prince
Listen to the prince's appeal
Then I will meet them
But
But what but
I
I really don't know how to deal with poetry
Better than the Prime Minister and Zhang Shangshu
Stay in the palace these days
Teach me how to deal with poetry
Uh, Chen Zun
Su Hai, pass the order down
From the sons of Kouque's appeal
Select five representatives
Attack appeal three days later
Yes, Your Majesty
His Majesty left Li Si in the palace
What does it mean to give
Leave Li Si in the palace
He can't communicate with the outside world
I can take action
What does His Majesty intend to do?
Su Hai preaches my will
Minister of War Li Keran was temporarily appointed as the commander of the march
In addition
You take my Wang Ling and go to the camp outside the city
Ordered the generals from all walks of life to exchange
If there is a return order
Chop and swap generals
What's the use of this
I know that.
What about in the army?
Every general has his own confidant
With a confidant, you can command the army like an arm
The swapped generals have no way to command the army
original
Ouch, concubine
How did I find out that my beloved concubine is so smart?
Exceptional, my father is a secret messenger
I still know this trick
Your Majesty has now cut off the celestial wings
What are you going to do next?